feat(Aircall_oAuthConnector): New Aircall connector using oAuthConnector (#226)
ToucanToco/toucan-connectors: toucan_connectors/oauth2_connector/quickstart/README.md

## How to use Aircall Quickstart 

The Redirect URI is manually set by Aircall, for testing purpose edit your /etc/hosts file with: 
```

> 127.0.0.1 api-xxxxx.xxxxx.xxx 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1 your-redirect-uri-domain
```

```
Credentials (secret_id and secret_key) need to be added in the quickstart script as well as the redirect_uri.

> During the dance, once redirected, visit the given redirect URI by rewriting it to http://xxxxxxxxxxx:35000/..... instead of https://xxxxxxxxx/...... 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the authorization process, once redirected, visit the given redirect URI by rewriting it to http://xxxxxxxxxxx:35000/..... instead of https://xxxxxxxxx/...... 
```

(not sure everyone will know what we call the dance here)
